Ms…
Ms. Monika. Congratulations.
Over there.
Once again, on behalf
of the entire teaching staff and myself…
- Excuse me.
- Thank you.
…I congratulate you all.
Excuse me.
Go.
Sorry.
Told you to get a bigger bouquet.
Ms. Zofia…
A flower meadow
wouldn't be enough for you.
There she is!
Majeczka!
Majka.
Mr. Miłosz.
- Here. Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Ms. Maja.
Maja!
- Thank you.
- Congratulations.
Ms. Maja graduated top of her class!
Yes! My daughter!
That's my girl!
It's the beginning of a new chapter, love.
Exactly. I've been wanting to tell you--
I know. You're most important to me too.
It's incredibly obvious.
No need to say anything.
- I love you.
- Okay.
- Right. I wasn't talking about that.
- Majka, you nerd.
Damn it.
Thank you.
I will pay back you again.
That's okay.
Miłosz Rugwiro.
Mirosław Roszkowski.
My apologies, you took me by surprise.
Your Polish is very good.
Thank you.
So is yours.
I want to get married.
I'm telling Dad today.
What's the hurry?
Can't you wait a little?
A year? Maybe two.
Your dad will get to know your fiancé.
He might even like him.
Are you for real?
All of my exes still stutter
because of him.
Exactly.
Don't put the man you love through this.
Dad, we need to talk.
Maja.
- I'm getting married.
- Over my dead body. Let's go.
Told you.
DEATH BEFORE THE WEDDING
LITTLE DELIGHT DAIRY
Jeez!
What happened?
What's this? Started your weekend
on Thursday, did you?
Why are you making so much noise?
You also celebrated
Manager Szyszko's birthday last night.
But I left at a decent time.
What time did you wrap up?
After the last round.
It would've been bad manners not to.
How many last rounds were there?
I stopped counting after the sixth.
Jeez, I'm such a doofus.
A doofus and a boozehound.
You know what? It's embarrassing.
You wouldn't survive
three days without me.
Disgrace.
In less than a month,
we shut down 27 small,
unprofitable dairies.
In their place,
we'll open three large dairy plants,
producing up to one million liters
of milk per day.
Well done!
After my annual leave, of course.
DAIRIES IN POLAND
What's going on? Can anyone fix this?
There's one more dairy.
What? Where?
The smallest one. That's why we missed it.
LITTLE DELIGHT DAIRY
WORKING - TO BE SHUT DOWN
This is absurd.
You should have people for everything.
If you want something done right,
you have to do it yourself.
Unless you're the CEO.
- I am the CEO.
- So you can do whatever you want.
It's on our way anyway.
I'll quickly shut it down.
We'll be on the boat before dusk.
- Yacht.
- We'll be on the yacht.
- Show me what you've got.
- No, you show me.
Little Delight Dairy. How can I help?
This is CEO Rylski.
I'd like to speak to the manager.
Hello! Please speak louder.
This is CE-- Hey, watch out!
Are you threatening me?
Hello?
Is Szyszko in?
- I haven't seen him since yesterday.
- Weird.
He's always around.
I called him in the morning.
He didn't answer.
- Right.
- Mirek.
- Yes?
- Anything else?
What?
- Nothing.
- Right.
- Come here, juicehead.
- I'm coming. Good afternoon.
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY
Not quite.
Congratulations, Mom,
on your pearl wedding anniversary.
You deserve a medal
for putting up with Dad
for 30 years.
It wasn't that hard.
Your father's not that bad.
He just…
Forgot?
Again?
This dairy is his whole world.
Mom, you should be his whole world.
One second.
Little Delight. Hello?
Hello, could you put
someone competent on the phone?
You again?
Can you put someone competent
on the phone?
Stop right there.
Learn some manners first
and then call people.
I'm not saying anything,
but if you want to know,
I think they're blowing you off, Mr. CEO.
Oh my.
I've got to go.
Some obnoxious man keeps calling me. Bye.
Little Delight.
This is CEO Rylski speaking.
CEO?
The receptionist is on maternity leave.
This is accounting, sir.
I sincerely apologize.
You'll have a chance to do it in person.
I'm on my way.
But why come here? And why in person?
Karol!
- Boss?
- Have you seen Manager Szyszko?
I did, yesterday.
He said he'd lock up,
but it was open this morning.
I'll call him again.
Go.
Why me?
Someone has to, and that's you.
- I'd rather not.
- Because?
Because today
I'm scared of milk and heights.
- Fine! I'll sort it out.
- Thank you very much.
Shame on you!
A woman has bigger balls than you.
- If the Devil can't go, he sends a woman.
- That's right. Well done!
People!
We have a problem.
- We do. A big one, Renia!
- The CEO is on his way over.
Where's Szyszko?
Off I go then.
Go. But don't forget who you are.
I am the CEO.
Who?
The CEO.
Remember, not a word about you-know-who.
Confidentiality is my middle name.
Good afternoon.
Mr. President,
on behalf of myself and--
Right. Let's skip the formalities.
Where's the manager?
He's gone.
- I mean, he's out.
- When will he be back?
- Mr. President.
- Yes?
One day, we'll all face the Last Judgment.
What?
- Good afternoon.
- Afternoon.
Where's the manager?
- Mirosław Roszkowski, foreman. Pleasure.
- Likewise. Where's Szyszko?
He's gone.
Gone where?
- To the cabin?
- Where the grass is greener.
Senior Constable Tomasz Gawron.
Where's the deceased?
And confidentiality?
You have a corpse in a closet?
In the cold room.
Okay, Renia. Don't cry.
Go back to the office. Just go.
- He was my age.
- Go.
COLD ROOM
You're screwed.
Dang, this is cool.
Come on, I'm recording.
- Move.
- Ouch!
No way!
Wow! We'll get a gazillion likes.
Good afternoon.
I eat when I'm stressed.
- Take a seat.
- Thank you.
This bread looks good.
It's delicious. From our local bakery.
Crispy crust, no flavor enhancers.
And our cheese.
Just a tiny bit.
As a courtesy.
Oh my God!
I haven't had bread for three years.
As a punishment?
Not quite.
A diet.
I can now go for a whole week
just smelling a stock cube.
Oh dear…
Monika.
Ika.
Regina. Nice to meet you.
Although the circumstances
could be better.
Our manager has kicked the bucket.
- My husband forgot about our anniversary.
- Oh my!
And my daughter wants to get married.
That's something to celebrate, right?
Or a recipe for disaster.
But a beautiful one.
You can't just leave. We need to talk.
- There's nothing to talk about.
- Says you!
The dairy must be shut down.
It's unprofitable.
- The equipment is ancient.
- Due to your underinvestment.
Have you seen the black smoke
from the chimney?
What about carbon footprint?
What about women's wrath?
Please, you don't even have a manager.
Temporarily.
We have many savvy ladies here
who get on with things.
- Maybe one of them?
- Right. Let's be serious.
I am willing…
to take on this role.
- Why you?
- Because I'm a man. That's why.
- Whoever. I'm not going back to Silesia.
- Don't be dramatic. It's just business.
- This business is our life.
- That's the price of progress.
Somehow cows didn't make any progress.
For hundreds of years,
they've been saying "moo,"
eating grass, using four stomachs,
giving milk, and making cow pies.
Only you, city folks, think
that they give soy or rice milk.
Or oat milk.
- So, what's it gonna be?
- We're tearing it down.
Darling! Remember our wedding?
Excuse me, darling.
There won't be any tearing down.
Whatever will be, will be.
The die's been cast.
Yes. There'll be a wedding.
Majka is getting married.
Our daughter's name is also Majka.
She's talking about our daughter.
Our daughter? Married?
- No. I am not giving my consent.
- Neither am I.
And there'll be no tearing down.
Are you the CEO or not?
If the wife wants a wedding,
there'll be a wedding!
I love planning weddings,
but he doesn't get it.
Right.
So beautiful.
Keep growing.
Occupied.
Mr. Roszkowski.
Here's the deal.
You don't want me to shut down the dairy.
I want my wife to sleep with me.
I don't pry into people's beds.
Relax. We can both benefit from this.
- You'll marry your daughter--
- Over my dead body.
And my wife will plan this wedding.
Mr. President, please don't touch that.
And let me remind you
that we're not your private farm.
You fired us and shut the factory down.
For three weeks.
After the wedding,
you'll present me your restructuring plan
and a candidate for the manager.
Remember, no wedding, no dairy!
This is Maja. Leave a message.
Hello, dear.
I've thought it through.
If you want to get married,
we'll get you married.
Bye.
What?
You'd starve to death
within three days without me.
All of you!
…our brother, father, manager,
and we give Szyszko's body to the earth…
Regina!
"Comes unexpectedly"
or "creeping up
at night like a thief through a window"?
"Unexpectedly."
Right. "Unexpectedly."
I made it simple, not Windsor.
- Okay.
- Sit down!
Coming. There.
Have you got a candidate
for the manager yet?
What?
Well, do you think a woman
could be the manager?
Have you lost your mind, Regina?
Women bossing us around? Come on!
- Wait.
- What?
- Are you trying to tell me something?
- Me?
- Yeah.
- No.
Are you trying to tell me
that I'm not manager material?
Not at all, Mirek.
Who would be better than you?
Come on.
I'd never go against you.
How could you even think that?
I didn't think that.
Women…
Leave men stuff to men.
Jeez! What on earth?!
- Sorry.
- Are you nuts?
- Let me.
- Men have run this dairy for 50 years.
And we love tradition as a nation.
Of course.
I just have to come up with a genius plan.
I need to unblock. I know I can.
Half-Windsor will be better.
Better yet, a Gordian knot! Just leave it.
- Mirek.
- I have to come up with something.
You will.
Let's go.
The life of our brother, Andrzej Szyszko…
Uncle, I could sniff around
and find some dirt on the CEO.
…ended prematurely.
And blackmail him with old tickets?
He lived like he wanted.
- And he left on his own terms because…
- No.
As he should.
Embarrassing fetishes
and other indecent dirt.
Now Mirek will say a few words
about the deceased.
We're not those kinds of people.
If we win, we win.
Fair and square.
Shit.
Listen.
We all knew Andrzej.
We know what he was like.
We liked him.
He was a decent man and…
Okay. Who am I kidding?
He was a joker.
Sometimes he was mean.
Right?
As ancient Poles used to say,
"He liked his booze."
Right?
But he loved our dairy factory
like no one else.
And I promise you, Andrzej,
that I'll do-- I mean, we'll do anything
to keep the dairy going, so help us God.
Szyszko was my age.
Aspergillum.
What's your plan?
We have to synchronize our tasks
because we don't have much time left.
Friday is no good.
Friday wedding brings
a lifetime of dreading.
Mirek and I got married on a Friday.
There are exceptions.
Let's focus on this wedding.
Does Maja like my vision?
Does Maja like your vision?
Yes, very much. How's the yacht?
Awesome.
Especially when one suffers
from seasickness.
Can I talk to her?
Talk to whom?
Well, to Maja.
Maja?
Maja.
My daughter, Maja?
Regina.
Please put her on the phone.
I can't.
She went on her knees…
Knees?
She's mushroom foraging.
Mushrooms? In July?
Well, it's the early-delayed season.
So please let me speak to
the bride's father.
The bride's father?
Speak to him?
He went somersaulting.
He…
He's jogging with her.
I hope it doesn't give him a heart attack.
Exactly. I also hope
it doesn't give him a heart attack.
At least they've made up. That's lovely.
Okay. Maximum two weeks.
I've got to go.
Thanks. Bye.
Don't ever help me like that again.
Mushrooms? In July?
How's the wedding planning going?
Are you pleased?
Very pleased. It's great.
But, darling…
could you play tennis with someone else?
But no one is as good as you.
I know, but I have so much work to do.
I'll make it up to you.
Your daughter is late
even on a day like this.
- She's riding on a train, not driving it.
- Whatever. You raised her really well.
Hey, you.
- Is it the ginger guy?
- He's not ginger.
- So you know who it is.
- No, I don't.
All in.
We'll have ginger grandchildren.
Three.
You won again.
Because poker is a man's game.
I could get over the ginger guy.
It'd be worse
if it was one of her professors.
So it is a professor?
- And she was scared to introduce him?
- No.
You ran off.
We'll have a great son-in-law.
Some broke-ass, twice-divorced loser.
Why don't we pick them up
so they don't have to get a taxi?
I arranged the ride of their dreams
for them. No worries.
What did you have?
A straight?
- I did?
- Yes.
I didn't realize.
You won.
They're coming.
- Give it to me.
- I hope you didn't ask to handcuff him.
It crossed my mind.
My baby girl.
POLICE
Majunia.
Hi!
Reginka, not a word
about the dairy, got it?
Not a word.
Hello!
What's…?
Nothing better than crashing a party.
- Why did they bring this friend?
- Hi.
- Majeczka.
- Where's the ginger?
- Nice to see you again. Hello.
- Hello.
- This is--
- I know.
The friend I met
in the hallway at college.
Yes. My fiancé, Miłosz.
Let's not stand in the rain.
Let's go inside, kids. Come on.
Who did you bring?
Go!
It could've been a professor.
It's a beautiful photo.
- From the Internet?
- From the forest.
- I thought I'd make--
- A goat, but lions killed it.
- How about some music?
- No music.
- Maybe your birds?
- No birds.
Thank you.
I hope you like couscous.
Obviously not potatoes, right?
I love potatoes.
My grandmother had fields of them.
In Africa?
Near Świebodzin.
Go on.
What about the mealtime prayer?
Since when do we pray before meals?
Since forever.
Because we are
a traditional Polish Catholic family.
Would you stop that?
It'll be fine
if we skip the prayer this once.
- Fruit punch, anyone?
- I'd love some.
You must be proud of your daughter.
I guess you'll miss her when she's gone.
My daughter is not going anywhere.
Definitely not to Africa.
She's not vaccinated.
- Vaccinated against what?
- Viruses.
She doesn't need them in Holland.
That's different.
Holland?
To Holland? What for?
Maja will research mushrooms
that clean the world from plastic.
Not anymore.
I didn't take that job.
What? You didn't?
That research was your dream.
It still is.
- But I don't have to do it in Holland.
- So where?
Here.
Here? In this hole?
- Mirek.
- This is not a hole.
Why didn't you tell me?
We totally forgot. We got a gift for you.
I mean, Miłosz has. It's from Miłosz.
Is it in the suitcase? I'll get it.
It's beautiful.
Miłosz's father brought it with him
when he came to Poland to study.
Can we talk?
I almost forgot.
Dad has a surprise for you too.
What surprise?
What's all this?
Beautiful decorations for your wedding.
This is beautiful. Not some black whatnot.
Anyway, we have a detailed plan
for your wedding.
In 14 days. There.
Yes. It's all there.
- It'll be beautiful.
- We're getting married in two weeks?
That's right. Why wait?
You know what life's like.
What if you get hit by a car?
Unless you've changed your mind.
Chickening out?
- No, but…
- We're not getting married in two weeks.
Why not, baby girl?
Don't tell me it's not
how you imagined it.
I know, organizing a wedding
is not a piece of cake.
But you have a father.
A father without whom
you'd starve to death within three days.
- It's the truth.
- Darling, stop it. Mirek.
- Fine.
- There'll be a pergola of roses.
Little cages, set up all over the place,
a carpet of flowers,
a meter-and-a-half-long cream cake
from Aunt Danka.
Yes! We'll release the flying lanterns
that go all the way to China, you feel me?
Father Janusz gave you a pass
on an online premarital course.
It's marked as passed online.
And no need to worry about confession.
And you, my friend,
got a confirmation as a bonus.
I was confirmed.
You can trade it
for a burial in the sacred ground.
Mirek.
- What do you say? Yes?
- No!
Majka, wait.
- He's doing it on purpose.
- When did you decide?
Did you hear him?
- I'd starve to death within three days.
- When did you decide not to go?
I don't know. A month ago?
- A month?
- That's why he agreed to the wedding.
Because he has to make
all decisions himself.
Just like you, right?
No. We can still discuss it.
Discuss what?
The fact that I found a job in Holland?
- You know you can find a job anywhere.
- Or that we're not getting married?
We are getting married, but…
But what?
But not like that.
Did you set up the guest room?
- What?
- Did you set up the guest room?
No living in sin as long as I'm here.
Separate bedrooms until the wedding.
If there even is a wedding.
We shouldn't force them.
Who's forcing them? Me?
She wanted to get married.
- She did, but--
- So she wins.
The nerves will fade away.
It'll all settle down.
She's fine already.
What's with that
"starve within three days without me"?
It's the truth. You'd all starve to death
within three days without me.
Okay. Thank you.
Your father is trying his best.
As always.
And the outcome is the same as always.
You might've given in to him, but I won't.
- You've no idea how alike you two are.
- Not true.
That's not true. We're totally different.
Darling, please understand.
Your father was hoping
that after graduation you'd go abroad
and make an academic career.
What's wrong with that?
Those are Dad's dreams. I have my own.
I'm not making his dreams come true.
Mom, I know that everyone goes abroad.
All of my friends are.
But I really don't want
what everyone wants.
I want to stay here.
Take your suitcase off the bed.
As soon as I unpack.
We don't know
who his parents are and what they do.
We don't know what he does.
We know nothing.
- Just ask him.
- Right.
He didn't let Majka go abroad.
No, dear. It was her decision.
Her decision? Please. It's a smokescreen.
- He's conquering her. Step by step.
- Go to sleep.
Listen to your thing.
I don't know, calm down.
Regina, please. You don't get anything.
This is the beginning.
You know how they…
Who?
Well…
Men. You know how they treat women?
Yup, I know that all right.
- Maja loves him.
- Loves him, right.
She loves him.
He has…
bewitched her.
I know.
He bewitched her. He, you know…
And I know what with.
- Mirek.
- That's right.
All right.
Yes! Ha!
Did you even consider in what language
you'll talk to your grandchildren?
Regina, I'm disappointed in you.
I'm disappointed in your daughter too.
You both stabbed me in the back.
You should be happy
that there won't be any wedding then.
Won't be? Take that back! There has to be.
Why wouldn't there be?
After the way you welcomed that boy?
Mirek. It will be a miracle
if he doesn't run away during the night.
Where are you going?
I'm not sleeping with a racist.
- I'm not a racist.
- You are.
- Me? What are you on about?
- Yes, you are.
And a gnome. And an old fart.
Not old, all right? Not old.
I am not a racist.
I'm friends with a Silesian.
Where are you off to?
- To the bathroom.
- It's in the basement. Right there.
That one's for the ladies.
Go on.
Don't be shy. In the basement.
I'll wait here,
in case you get lost on the way back.
- Gimme.
- Take it back!
What?
No drinking at the command center.
Gentlemen, I've gathered you here
because the fate of our families
and our town is in our hands.
Actually, in my hands.
But I need your help.
No worries, you can count on us.
It's about the foreigner?
Tomek told me. My condolences.
Condolences on what?
I thought he was ginger, but he's kind of…
- Tanned.
- Burned to mahogany.
Shut it, Gajda. Need I remind you
how you arrived here?
You looked like a coal miner's son.
Let's be clear about it.
Miłosz is a Pole.
Yeah, right. A Pole.
And he cries when they play
the national anthem.
Or when the white and red eagles score.
We can get him the official kit.
One with the hussar wings.
That'd be good. He'd learn some history.
Did anyone ask
for your stupid, idiotic comments?
- Yeah, you.
- No, I asked for your help.
You're not buying him anything.
Please, don't scare him off.
At least until the wedding.
- Scare him off?
- Yeah.
This isn't the boondocks.
We respect misfits here.
We have Karolina.
- And a rainbow flag.
- In a drawer.
It didn't match the decor.
But I'm serious about Karolina.
- Anyone ever said anything mean to her?
- Never.
Maybe once. But not on purpose.
Okay, gentlemen.
From today, we're nice, helpful,
and tolerant, okay?
"Ha-ha" what?
At least for two weeks.
And you.
Do some digging on Rylski.
But how, Uncle? Now? Out of nowhere?
Yes. You'll check--
Check him. We need to have plan B.
Is it true what they say about them?
What?
You know, that…
That they pray to pagan masks?
I'm really sorry we couldn't come.
Tell me about Maja's parents.
- How did they welcome you?
- Very well.
Good. What did they say
about the wedding here, in France?
- They're delighted. It's just that--
- Wonderful. Tell me, what are they like?
You know,
it's a traditional Polish family.
Stop it. Give…
You know that your tantrums are childish?
- You're not going to work?
- No.
Dad and I are taking some time off.
Because of your visit.
Seems like we needn't have bothered.
Croissants are baked, everything is ready,
and your future husband is still sleeping.
The birds won't wait.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
- What birds?
- Wild.
Wild birds. How about going hunting?
- Dad--
- I'd love to, but…
- Right. We have plans.
- What about breakfast?
Eat without us.
Today you're doing women's stuff.
Garments and such.
Or there's that book club.
Sign Maja up, bring her in.
- But, Dad--
- Yeah, yeah. We're going hunting.
We'll take spears and machetes,
and we'll wade through the savanna.
We'll hunt something down
and bite out its heart.
- Mirek.
- That's right.
And then, with our mouths full of blood,
we'll sing chants to the goddess Kali.
But first, let's make a man out of you
because you look like a sad woman
in the rain, at the bus stop in Osiny.
Goodbye.
- Relax, it's not like he's going to war.
- Right.
I can never tell with you.
Clutch.
Start the engine.
Gas.
Forward, Black Angel!
This is going to end badly.
It's not like he'll shoot him dead.
Not before the wedding.
I assume you don't have
much experience with women who are…
- White?
- Don't put words in my mouth.
Generally speaking.
- I mean, I have some.
- Some?
- I don't know. A few.
- A few?
I knew it. Tell me quick,
how many wives have you had?
- I've been in a few relationships--
- Shush!
Okay.
- Go on.
- It was nothing serious. Maja is special.
And stubborn.
You'll convince her to get married.
- Paper is not that important.
- It is to me.
How much further?
As far as necessary.
You convince her to get married,
and I might convince myself to like you.
Understood?
Right.
- Hush.
- I am hushing.
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!
Are you insane, Father?
Right.
There will either be a wedding, or…
The last rites?
You never know when the Lord…
will call upon you.
Jesus Christ!
What?
- Will you tell me what we're doing here?
- Shortly.
- Majeczka!
- Hi, Auntie.
- Hi.
- Hi, Marzenka.
Hi.
I've heard the news.
You've wasted away in the big world.
No worries, we'll feed you up.
No place like home, right?
I'm glad you called.
- We can sign the contract right away.
- Put that away, child.
Here, a word means more
than a piece of paper.
The entire town is so grateful.
Marzenka.
Come in. Everything is ready.
- What?
- What "what"? Go.
And here's the dungeon. Watch out.
Jesus Christ.
Are you sure, dear?
It's cold, dark, and very damp.
Yup. It's perfect.
I'll bring my fungi samples tomorrow.
They should get along
with the ones you have here.
We tried getting rid of them, to no avail.
There were twice as many.
Brave little fellas.
Little? They had such big caps
and were growing everywhere.
This used to be the archives room.
Well, take it if you like it.
It's not being used.
She doesn't know?
Is there something I should know?
No, nothing. Not at all.
I was asking about your fiancé.
How's it going? Dad likes him?
Loves him like his own son,
from the start.
- Is everyone off today?
- What?
- No, it's the weekend.
- It's the middle of the week.
Right, Gajda. It's the middle of the week.
Your break is over. Go back to work.
Let's go. Because of your tour
around the dungeon,
we'll be late to Iza's stall.
Come.
Iza!
Majka, I've heard you brought
quite a hottie with you. Congrats.
And relax, I'm officially single
with no intentions of changing.
Just like when you stole
my boyfriend before prom?
Girls.
Being single wasn't the thing back then.
Come on, let's take a selfie
in my cheese showroom.
- While it still exists.
- Why wouldn't it?
What am I going to sell
when the CEO tears down the dairy?
What do you mean?
Right. We'll have some cottage cheese.
She doesn't know?
Doesn't know what?
And some rennet cheese.
You're about to lose your jobs,
and Dad is spending so much on my wedding?
We'll manage.
Unlike the rest of town.
They can't shut it down just like that.
You have to fight. You have a manager.
Not anymore.
He took the Milky Way.
Maybe it's time to get a new one.
Someone can still save it.
We need a plan.
Small dairies are all the rage these days.
- They must give you time.
- Your dad is already handling it.
Someone else could.
Who else?
- Let's go. Karolina is waiting.
- I'm coming with you.
What about your stall?
Soon enough I'll be living in it.
Let's go.
- Iza, are you in?
- Call.
I call too.
I really thought you actually read books.
Eight, six, five,
with two hearts on the flop.
Honey.
We play poker at least once a week.
Your mom taught us.
I'm in with 5K.
- I call.
- I fold.
Call.
- And the turn.
- Check.
I knew she used to play in college
but stopped after marriage.
Officially.
Officially, she even lets your dad win.
Call.
- Fold.
- Cards.
Ace and two pairs!
- Bravo!
- Well played.
- Lovely.
- Very well done.
And the guys really don't know
that you play?
They're all terrified
of women with bigger balls than theirs.
Yeah. They all call me a spinster.
Maybe I should grow a mustache
and start wearing Grandma's pantyhose?
Here.
Another time.
Your loss.
Locally grown.
- Better than the menopause drugs.
- They treat, we prevent.
We should take over the dairy.
What? Hanka.
Two children, runs the house,
her husband's an idiot, never complains.
Karola can fix any machine.
She shines on the production line.
Iza works the late shift
after closing her stall.
I pack 300 cheeses per hour.
Get that? Manually. With these nails.
Yet we're still bossed around by men.
We should change that.
Right, only someone would have to
lead us.
She won't listen to us
but might listen to you.
- Hello.
I have a question for you.
Did you work here
when the dairy was still open?
On the production line.
Before the scandal.
CEO Rylski…
wasn't always transparent in business.
He wasn't because…
Tell me more about Rylski.
About the CEO?
I don't know anything.
Apparently, the head office
used fake milk tests.
What fake tests?
How am I supposed to know?
I was on the production line.
Apparently, they're going to build a spa.
A developer came by.
Here? In the middle of nowhere?
Nowhere?
There's a nature reserve right here.
The big city folks will ruin it all.
- Who was supposed to do these tests?
- How do I know?
I worked on the production line.
The girls are exaggerating.
Dad may be a bit brusque,
but he has everything on his shoulders.
And everyone will starve to death
within three days without him.
Mom, the new manager could be a woman.
I wonder who.
How about you?
Have you gone mad?
- What kind of idea is that?
- A great one, in my opinion.
No one would be
as good at this job as your dad.
No one. All I can do is support him.
Just like he supports you.
Why did you even listen to them?
- It's a very bad idea.
- Why?
Why? Mom, you're perfect for this job.
You're trustworthy,
hardworking, and honest.
Painfully so. Let's go.
Hello.
Did you work in the old dairy factory?
What?
Can we talk?
- We don't want any trouble.
- What trouble, gentlemen?
Let's get a beer and have a break.
Come, I have a cold one.
Did you get the car and mower
as severance pay?
Or for keeping your lips sealed?
So my wedding
is your bargaining chip?
Is it?
An ultimatum.
It was the CEO's condition
to not close the dairy.
Neither of us likes it.
You don't have to do it.
But I will.
Maja.
Okay. I'll get married.
But on one condition.
You'll apply to be the dairy manager.
Absolutely not, dear child.
I will never go against my husband.
We're married.
I hope you'll understand one day.
I hope I never will.
How will you explain to Miłosz
that you've made another decision for him?
Miłosz?
I texted you. The coast is clear.
- Maybe we should wait.
- Nope. How did hunting go?
Awesome.
I came across as racist.
Racist? You?
I assumed that a white guy,
a priest, a forest, and a gun
mean pogrom of the Black people.
In the end, your father and I
have signed a nonaggression pact.
What did you do to him?
I blew ancestral ashes in his face.
Did you hear that?
Is he gone?
He's gone.
Since…
you have signed this pact…
why don't we get married here?
- But you said--
- I've changed my mind.
What's the difference
where and when we get married?
Relax, Regina. It's just martens.
Martens are romping around.
We need to get a cat.
Some kind.
The wind is blowing in the chimney.
- Regina, how much sugar do I take?
- Three. I put in three.
Three unstirred. You stirred it.
I can't drink it or even taste it.
Regina, please. How many years
have we been together?
You know nothing about me.
Why are you peeking over my shoulder?
I mean… why peeking?
Girl, you won't get any of this anyway.
Come on.
Let's go?
To the meeting at Karolina's.
You've gone mad with this book club.
We have to work on decorations.
Some of them won't work.
What decorations?
- The wedding decorations.
- Wedding?
But…
Wedding? Here?
- We're getting married.
- Really?
Rather than going to the book club,
wouldn't you prefer to spend some time
with your future… husband?
I'm sure that my future husband
would love to spend some time
with his future father-in-law.
Right, darling?
Of course.
Right. Let's go?
Take Miłosz to the dairy.
May I?
Do they eat other people's sandwiches
back in Africa too?
- Was it a good idea to bring him here?
- Calm down, he's on our side.
No, not there. All good.
Hey.
This is the press.
For cheese.
We make cheese together
and put to oval shape, you know.
And this is the vats.
Large vats for milk.
This is the white water from cows.
Nice to meet you, homie.
Nice to meet you too.
- How many liters do they hold?
- Three thousand.
- He speaks fluent Polish.
- So do you.
I wonder where he learned.
A mail-in course.
- Jeez…
- Great job, homie.
Right, gentlemen. What's this all about?
A break in production?
No, it's not a break. It's…
- Inventory.
- Of the warehouse.
Inventory?
Right. Can I look around?
Don't break or touch anything.
Sure.
He seems friendly.
What did you think?
That he'd barge in with a spear?
Yeah.
- Okay, does anyone have a plan?
- Maybe we could…
You know…
Do you have a plan?
I have a suggestion.
I could apply for an EU grant.
- There are programs--
- My friend does that.
You think like men.
That's good, right?
But we won't win
if we have identical plans.
You know why they're shutting us down?
Because no one knows about us.
They can shut us down, demolish,
and bulldoze the rubble, and what?
No one will know.
The Internet is the power.
We must crawl out from under a rock
and show ourselves to the world.
What would we show?
- Well…
- An outdated production line?
An ancient furnace?
Or, I don't know…
a cold room with a thermostat
we have to watch 24/7?
I've got an idea.
And? This is the power!
No way. You use coal?
- What else?
- That's right!
Poland was built on black gold.
As if you know anything about production.
- Actually, I do.
- Yeah, from mail-in courses.
No. I have a degree
in Logistics and Production.
- No, wait a minute.
- Exactly. Wait a minute, gentlemen.
Nothing holds together here.
- What?
- This is all makeshift.
You need a new furnace.
New furnace?
This one's 120 years old. It's wonderful!
The problem is that it's 120 years old.
They don't make them anymore.
You need a new production line and panels.
What? Do you churn butter manually too?
Okay.
Can I see the cold room?
You think he'll realize?
The corpse was in here for 15 minutes.
- You wouldn't, but he might.
- Okay.
It doesn't hold temperature.
It does.
You just have to monitor it.
Gentlemen, you need a new system.
- Let's focus on the furnace.
- The furnace alone won't solve anything.
Listen, you could invest
in two, three maturing cabinets
and completely renovate this place.
I think that 300, 400K
would be enough to start.
- Good one!
- A joke! He's good.
Have you lost your mind?
It needs work, but I think it will do.
What about your fungi?
One doesn't exclude the other.
Fungi and cheese go great together.
Yup, this is a totally Instaworthy setup.
Any ideas how to sell it to the public?
Not yet.
But I will.
Okay, we can do this.
We just have to roll up our sleeves.
Before we start rolling our sleeves up,
we have to take care of something else.
Give me more.
- I don't have anymore.
- You have some there.
So we're in deep black shit.
Nothing personal, homie.
It's just an old Polish saying.
Listen, I know
a refrigeration equipment manufacturer.
I could get a discount.
Of 200%?
Not that much,
but won't the head office contribute?
Don't even…
How about a loan?
What are they doing here?
Is this some sort of demonstration?
Demonstration? No. A proposal.
- Hanka, who's with the kids?
- Now you're interested in children?
We want to save our factory
and offer our plan for change.
Karola, you're insane.
Did you put them up to this?
No.
I did.
You?
My own daughter?
Putting logs under my feet,
spokes in my wheels?
And we have our candidate
for the dairy manager.
A manageress, to be precise.
A manage-what?
Regina, what's going on?
You have your proposal, right?
Well, we have ours.
And we have the right to put it forward.
May the best one win.
Who's your candidate?
You'll find out in good time.
So you're declaring a war on us.
You want war? Then you'll have it.
But for the time being, the dairy is ours.
What is this supposed to be?
Your way to entice Miłosz?
What?
- We were supposed to be proactive.
- And?
Black guys play basketball.
Did you even ask him
if he plays basketball?
What for?
It's obvious.
- Where? Come on!
- Pass!
- Come on!
- Over here!
Stop!
Okay!
Come back!
Come on!
- Pass!
- Go back.
Okay!
Okay, got it.
Harder!
That's right!
Good one!
What a goal!
Thank you.
Are you mad?
Do you want me to have a heart attack?
It would obviously be better
if I had one, right?
Who is it?
Stop it.
Not Karolina or Hanka. Who?
- Go to sleep.
- You'll embarrass us.
I will have to fix everything myself.
Within three days--
- Yup, we'll starve to death without you.
- Exactly.
Regina, answer my question. Who is it?
You too, Brutus, against me.
The world's gone upside down.
My own wife…
Where are you going?
I'm not used to sleeping with the enemy!
They live together, work together.
Can't they compromise?
They can't.
You don't get it. You'd have to…
I'd have to what?
Maybe telling me Dad's plan
would change something.
- Yeah, it would make me a snitch.
- No, not a snitch.
It would make you…
an adviser.
Come on.
What are they up to?
Majka, I only just got to a place
where your father doesn't want to kill me.
And you want me to tell you
what they're up to?
Absolutely not.
Maybe
I could try to convince you?
No? Fine.
Our plan is better than yours anyway.
This is a sturdy piece of shit.
Don't! If it snaps, we're screwed.
I'm serious.
I got a few cabinet options
from my friend.
Thanks, but no, thanks.
- Let's look at them together. I can help.
- I'll do it myself later.
Is it so difficult to accept help?
No, the difficulty is
that I hate overbearing
and deceitfully nice people.
- I get it. It's so Polish, isn't it?
- What is?
If you're a lout and a boor, you're cool.
You wave your fists around, you're a hero.
But if you're nice and kind?
You're either weak or an idiot, right?
And who wants to talk to an idiot?
A Black one, at that?
Okay, put this over there.
Go on.
- Here.
- Cheers.
- It's good.
- Father Janusz made it.
You know.
Right. This is option one.
We could get two of these.
What else?
This one is currently on sale.
Not made of bamboo but good.
European greenfinch, Chloris chloris.
Did you get my funeral suit
from the cleaners?
Why? Is there another funeral?
Of your plan.
Let's go, Bambo!
I could possibly file an application
but not without your wife's consent.
Boguś.
Who held you in his arms at baptism?
- This is a felony--
- Boguś.
Where did your grandfather
and father work? Where?
This dairy fed you, get that?
And paid for your college, Boguś.
- My boss would replace me with an ATM.
- You're already an ATM. Chill.
What?
Why are you waving that finger?
We both know it's a fake camera.
The application cannot be accepted
without your wife's signature.
- I'll be back in a minute.
- Sure.
- You didn't get it from me.
- Why is it not in the database?
The case was dropped. He got away with it.
Or he paid well.
- It came from the top. Nothing you can do.
- We'll see.
Hello, chicas! I'm talking to you.
I know how to promote our dairy.
On my account!
I have two million views
and half a million followers.
Fans of "check out my new claws."
I thought we were on the same team.
Okay then, girls.
I can have my nails done, within reason.
You will but not nails.
MAGICAL MAŁE DOBRE
- People actually watch this?
- It's good.
They love it. Look.
They don't watch it. They love it.
The Stasiaks' horse.
And they'll definitely love girls
who take over a factory run by men.
So what are you saying?
We'll be running around the woods?
We'll do something totally different.
Something women haven't done before.
A race like this.
Check this out.
- What?
- These guys are crazy.
- No, we can't do that.
- Of course we can.
Put this away. Serve us.
No. Not today, gentlemen.
Not today? You need some hair of the dog.
- That's right!
- Yup.
Are you a man?
Or a wimp? Go on.
Cheers. Come on.
And? Feeling worse?
I know what it's like.
I was also an alien here once.
I don't think so.
I had to go through my share of crap.
Start talking like them.
That's right, man.
So I don't talk like them?
You do. You just have to blend in more.
Blend in? That's a good one.
A Silesian can learn
to talk without the accent.
If you're fat, you can always lose weight.
Someone ginger can put a hat on.
What should I do? Whitewash to blend in?
I have no intention of hiding.
Wait, don't hide. That's good.
That's how you win them over.
They'll appreciate it.
They're the best people in the world.
Rough but sensitive.
But they're scared of strangers.
I don't think my future father-in-law
is scared of anything.
He's scared the most.
They don't have it easy here. Never had.
That's why they're like this. Cheers.
Right.
Best to get smashed, right?
We have a furnace and cabinets to buy.
- Pour me one.
- What about the money?
What about the money? Cheers.
Where did you get it?
Out of my ass.
From the forest, my grandpa's treasure.
I dug up a pot of gold.
What?
Sorry.
Okay. Thank you.
Well, life, right?
Sit.
Right. Thank you.
Gentlemen, it's sorted.
We have 21 days to pay the invoice.
- Well done!
- Pour me more!
- That's my boy!
- May they last long!
- Yeah!
- Guys, Uncle, we've got it!
- Got what?
- I did it! Rylski is going to jail!
That asshole in crocodile shoes
is going down.
For a hundred years, a hundred years
May he be locked in a cell
And some more, and some more
May he be locked in a cell…
In total, they shut down
ten dairies in one year.
They're turning two into housing estates
and one into a spa.
- They'll demolish us too.
- A spa? Here?
- They sold three as farmland.
- They had the right. It's their land.
True. But they didn't have the right
to do something else.
Apparently they were adulterating milk.
What?
Watering it down.
It would show. They have to run tests.
They do.
Five hundred kilometers from Warsaw.
I got my hands on some of those tests.
But I don't get any of it.
Okay, yeah.
Not my thing.
I know about logistics and production.
Didn't you have any lab classes?
I didn't.
But…
I know who did.
Who?
Milk tests?
Most likely watered down.
On a large scale.
No, not large.
Gigantic.
High five!
All right. Thank you very much, ladies.
Goodbye, see you later. Ta-da!
The manager will be ours.
It doesn't say who ordered it.
Anyone could've just printed it
off the Internet.
But they're not from the Internet.
They're from a reliable informant.
We hope that your reliable informant
confirms who the ordering party was.
Right. I guess that's all.
Thank you.
Good luck.
It won't be a manager.
It will be a manageress.
That's right.
- Maja, come on!
- Coming!
Hello?
Hello. Is this Mrs. Regina Roszkowska?
Yes, it is. Sorry, I can't talk right now.
I'm calling to offer you a unique product,
designed especially for you. I guarantee--
No, really. I'm not interested.
I've got everything.
Quilts, pillows, pots, insurance…
I don't need any health checks
or anything else you want to offer me.
Mrs. Regina, let's be serious.
I'm calling from your bank
to offer you a credit card
designed specifically for your mortgage.
But I don't have a mortgage.
Of course you do.
It's only just been signed,
but we work with the speed of light,
and we care about spouses
who sign spousal agreements.
- How about additional--
- No, thank you.
Hello? Mrs. Regina?
I'm ready. Everything okay?
Mom, I know
that this is a surprise for you both.
If you can't make it, then…
No, we'll definitely try to make it.
Dad will try too. Right, dear?
Dad has to make an urgent phone call.
We're happy as long as you're happy.
I am.
Very happy.
It's like he's found a second father.
So you want me
to send you some warm clothes?
It seems that it's cold over there.
No, it's just a temporary cold snap.
Where's your fiancée?
And the mother-in-law?
It's high time we met, isn't it?
High time.
Look, our girls.
Yeah, I think so.
Wow, not a bad roll for your age.
See? Surprised, right?
What do you think they're doing?
Exercising.
Doing something for themselves.
Nonsense. Regina has never done
anything for herself.
- Maybe she didn't like doing things alone.
- Alone? She's got me.
She's always had me.
She's smiling.
I haven't seen her doing that before.
She's not smiling.
It's a grimace of exertion
because of these stupid exercises.
Is that a greenfinch or goldfinch?
Greenfinch.
- It's as beautiful as the Holy Grail.
- Yeah, it is.
- Where've you been? You're late.
- You brought kids?
I had to. Hanka's busy
plotting with the others.
- Hello.
Okay, come on! Let's go.
Let this eagle land, please.
- That's right!
- There it is!
- No!
- Got it!
It's here! Damn, it's here!
We've got it! Come, child! Give it a hug.
- Come and see. We'll make lovely cheese.
- You don't have one like this at home.
Good one!
I don't know. Find a different one?
No, this one's good.
I know it. It must be this one.
Right. We've got the hill.
What about cheese?
- The guys are occupying the dairy.
- There's no time to make it anyway.
We don't have the time,
but we do have the cheese.
- We do?
- Hi, darlings!
- Hi!
- Hello!
Hey! Welcome to the first ever
ladies' cheese rolling race!
In England, men have been competing
in this race for hundreds of years.
But today, we have decided
to challenge the man's world!
Why are we doing it?
To show everyone
that no one will defeat us.
Because we're rebels
and we'll do anything for our cheese!
Like, share, send to your friends!
And now, a few words
from our mistress of ceremonies!
Here she is. The future boss
of the best dairy factory in the world!
What are the rules, boss?
Well, the cheese is heavy.
And it rolls very fast.
Listen! Whoever gets to the cheese
and lifts it up first, wins!
Gentlemen, we are challenging you!
Cheese!
Three, two, one, go!
Nice, right?
It's a monster.
Two monsters.
Gentlemen, this is it.
Right.
- Don't touch it.
- What? The light's not on.
I can see that!
It's not working.
Your friend sold us junk!
- Maybe the fuses blew out?
- Shmooses blew out.
For this much money,
it was supposed to send us up, not down.
Told you not to trust him.
- Shut up.
- He's not from here.
- Shut it.
- From where, then?
Who's bothering me now?
You think I'm from Africa?
I'm warning you. Call me homie again,
and you're done, homie.
Hello? If you want to--
All of them? How?
Any views? Is it a hit?
Twelve views.
I've watched it, like, ten times.
The other two must be the girls.
Hanka!
- Hanka!
- Where are the children?
Now you're interested in children?
Are you okay?
What happened?
Nothing. Just a few scratches after…
Yeah? Where's Regina?
They're tending to her now.
Have you all gone mad?
Are you trying to commit mass suicide?
To hurt yourselves? Whose idea was it?
So all of you came up with it.
You think you can fool a sly fox like me?
Spill it. Which one?
Which one wants to be your manager?
- Which one?
- It's me.
Regina! Jesus.
What did you say?
I am their manager.
No, not this.
It's this one. Look, Bunny.
One, two, three.
HOSPITAL EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT
Trying to steal a managerial job
from your own husband?
Steal? The girls and I wanted
to put forward a counterproposal.
After all these years together.
- We have democracy, you despot.
- Despot?
You're the one plotting treachery
behind my back.
As if you didn't.
Typical you.
You see the speck in someone else's eye
but don't notice a plank in yours.
What's up, Gajda?
Hello? I changed the phase.
Changed it?
Everything blew out.
Blew out? How?
Jeez, I don't know how.
That's it. We're doomed.
Are you coming?
Jeez. Okay. I'm coming.
You mortgaged our house for this?
- Did you know?
- The situation required a fast decision.
Regina, let's not overreact.
If it wasn't for me, within th--
Enough!
Not a word about three days.
We may lose the house because of you.
- Your betrayal is worse!
- Because of me?
My betrayal is worse? Oh no, my dear.
That's it. The end. Enough. Finito.
I've gone along with this sham wedding
just to save this town--
I'm sorry, what sham?
What sham?
Disperse.
Where are you going?
To save what you haven't ruined yet.
- More?
- That one. Take it.
- And the last one.
- Give me that one.
That will be ten points, Mr. Mierzejak.
- What are you doing here, ma'am?
- Am I being arrested, officer?
We'll skip the handcuffs this time.
How about a lift?
This way.
I came early to surprise the young couple.
- Let me open the door.
- Thank you.
Now we'll get the silent treatment.
Next, you'll terrorize me
by withholding sex.
Dad.
You can forge my signature,
so you can handle this too.
Can we go back to silence?
Why not? That's so you, isn't it?
Keeping a few things to yourself.
Majeczka had good intentions.
You always have the best intentions.
The road to hell could be paved with them.
Who the hell?
It's got to be the debt collector.
Let him in.
He's here to take everything.
Every single thing.
So funny. Hilarious.
You're just like your mother. The same.
I am nothing like Irena.
She's already here. Shush.
Let's pretend we're not in.
They're ignoring me?
Mrs. CEO?
Are you gonna sit here smirking
or do something about it?
Or is that against the law?
Right.
Come out and don't resist,
or we'll have to use force.
Has he lost his mind?
Yelling through a megaphone?
Go out there. Talk to him.
Turn that off!
Have you completely lost your mind?
What are you doing, Tomek?
When can I use it then?
Use it at home!
So here I am, coming to you
straight from the Azure Coast
of the Vistula riverbank
to finalize the wedding,
and this is how you welcome me?
We welcome you very warmly.
We were baking a cake and didn't hear.
What happened?
You can give up
and stop talking to each other,
or get a grip and turn this defeat
into something beautiful.
- How?
- Rise like a phoenix.
So?
We're very sorry
that you came here for nothing.
Such is our fate.
No matter what you do,
crap catches up with you.
Oh my! I've got something for you.
I was going to wait…
until the wedding,
but the situation calls for it.
- No, I can't accept that.
- Yes, you can. You must, even.
Little Delight?
Look.
My great-grandfather.
COOPERATIVE DAIRY IN MAŁE DOBRE
Employed by Ksawery Rylski
shortly after he built
a dairy factory in 1894.
I found it at the office.
It must've been there since the takeover.
And started the beginning of its end.
That's the truth.
My ancestors came and settled here.
This is where they started families
and built houses.
And they all worked
at the same dairy for generations.
They tore down the old buildings
and built new ones.
But their hearts were always here.
Always.
This is our place on Earth.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
The kids will get married,
you'll restore the dairy,
and one day their children
will give their kids
a photo like this one.
So what's it gonna be?
- She looks beautiful.
- So beautiful.
She has not aged a day.
My God…
Excuse me, Renia. Can we talk?
Since when are you interested
in my opinion?
- Since always.
- That's not true.
That is not true.
I was just supposed to nod.
You know what I was?
I was one of those dogs
that people buy for their cars.
With a head that goes up and down.
- That's not true.
- It is.
- And you know what else?
- No.
I want you to apologize
for never appreciating me.
And for everything else.
Okay.
I'm sorry, Renia.
Stop crying.
And speak louder.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
My beloved daughter.
Congratulations.
Thank you again
for scooping us up from the roadside.
What bad luck to get a flat tire.
Road assistance wouldn't come for hours,
and I'd be late for the wedding.
Weddings are beautiful.
As long as you're smart enough
to sign a prenup.
How romantic.
We have cold summers here, right?
Frozen.
Maybe there's traffic.
Is it harvest time?
There might be combines on the roads.
It's not.
He'll come. He wouldn't risk my wrath.
- They're here.
- Welcome!
- Bonjour.
Apologies!
We had some minor issues on the way.
You're lucky they were minor,
or you'd have major ones.
Hello.
- Sorry.
- Welcome.
- Hello.
- You're so much more beautiful in person.
- Hello, nice to meet you.
- Boys, come help.
- Right. We meet at last.
- Yes.
- Mirosław Roszkowski.
- Pleasure to meet you. Hello.
- Hello.
- Roszkowska.
- Mirosław Roszkowski.
- Mirosław?
- Nice to meet you.
- Enchanté.
So?
Come here.
- A wedding!
- That's right. Come in.
- Yes. Let's go.
- Come in.
- Let me take your jacket.
- Mr. President.
- What's up?
- Well, Mr. President.
Your wife is content.
The wedding's on, everyone's happy.
Our agreement still stands, right?
Yes, of course.
We'll talk after the ceremony.
In a moment we will--
I mean, you will
embark on a new life path together.
Sometimes it'll be straightforward,
sometimes it'll be bumpy.
Sometimes it'll be a bed of roses,
sometimes…
Sometimes it will be…
that…
you come across a cow pie.
Sorry.
What?
Let's cut to the chase.
In the presence of God
and the Catholic Church,
repeat these vows after me.
I, Maja…
…take thee, Miłosz…
We have a recovery and business plan.
- And we bought new equipment.
- Later.
You're not interested, are you?
Look. This is just a small dairy.
Come on.
If anyone knows of any reason
why them two shouldn't--
I mean, these two shouldn't
be joined in holy matrimony,
speak now or forever hold your peace.
I know of a reason.
- Yes?
- Yes, I do.
There'll be no wedding!
- Mirek!
- Silence! There'll be no wedding!
I mean, they may still get married,
but my daughter and my…
- Son.
- Son!
They won't be making
a spectacle of themselves
for the benefit of this CEO,
who had already decided to sell our dairy,
shut it down, and fire all of us!
Is this true?
Darling, I was stalling to make you happy.
You wanted a wedding,
I gave you a wedding.
I'm really sorry. I had no idea!
No one will treat us like that.
My investigation uncovered--
- Calm down. Sit.
- But, Uncle--
Stop shouting. Sit down!
We're not stooping to the CEO's level.
People! The spa is going ahead,
and all of you will make money on it!
- Sir, you'll sell our dairy to us.
- No way.
No idea where we'll get the money…
- I'll pay!
- And me.
…but we'll buy it from you.
Absolutely not.
We've got plans regarding this land.
You've got to accept that.
Listen.
You will sell to these people
what they deserve at a bargain price…
Darling--
…or else, your invoices
will see the light of day.
No.
- You wouldn't.
- Yes, I would.
Everyone will know
that you add water to milk.
And start getting used to
sleeping on the couch.
Fine. I'll sell the dairy to you.
But it won't be cheap.
- It will.
- Darling, don't-- Fine.
Hooray!
All right!
Within reason.
Family meeting.
Come, Bunny. Sit here.
- Sit down.
- So?
Second mortgage?
- No one will hire me anywhere.
- You? No. But your wife?
Everyone will.
Even…
if he sells it cheap, it won't be free.
Maybe we should really all chip in.
Yeah, that'd be good.
I don't have that much.
- What happened to "I'll pay"?
- I will but not that much.
We're all in the same boat.
Yet it seems that some of us
are on the top deck
and others are much lower below.
- What do you mean?
- Stop it. We can't start arguing now.
How about crowdfunding?
Slow down with those ideas of yours.
Stop it, Mirek.
- Together we can work something out.
- Not this time, in my opinion.
Unless someone from beyond
is looking after us,
because only a miracle can save us.
It's Szyszko.
It's done.
It'll be okay.
Mom, trust me,
they really are good people.
No one forced us to get married.
We wanted to because we love each other.
I don't know what to think.
The wedding turns out to be… What?
A dairy event?
I can't keep up!
Stop humming.
- My father is flabbergasted.
- I'm not surprised.
Not because of the wedding.
Because of cheese.
It tastes like heaven.
Wonderful.
This one is really exceptional.
Tell Dad it's our local produce.
Take me to this cheese.
Wait. We have to talk to Miłosz first.
Let's go.
And?
You like?
Listen, I've got a feeling.
And?
- We've got it!
We have an investor!
- Got an investor!
- Szyszko!
We have an investor!
- Szyszko.
- What Szyszko?
My husband and I
want to invest in your dairy.
It's a little delight.
- Yeah.
- Miłosz says it's worth it.
You've got something really special.
It'd be a shame to waste it.
But…
Regina.
It's not a loan.
It's an investment.
And a wedding gift.
If they want to get married in this,
as Pierre calls it,
barbarian country, then so be it.
- Even though there was no wedding?
- We'll get married anyway.
No doubt about it.
- Yes!
- Well done.
But…
our milk…
Black people…
If the world finds out…
Jeremi, what if the world finds out?
What does the world know about us?
The world knows about John Paul II
and Wałęsa. And about Lewandowski.
Jeremi, please.
The world knows that 0.4% BAC is fatal,
but we have 0.4% BAC for breakfast.
And that our national garment
is socks with sandals.
- Isn't that what they say?
- It is.
That's it. We're all equal.
No more judging.
We all love each other from now on.
Everyone wants to label everyone.
We can label you too.
Label as what?
You don't want to know.
So…
Son, daughter.
- Bon voyage!
Bon voyage! Well done!
Let's drink.
- To the young couple!
- Cheers!
Santé!
Chop-chop.
- Are you looking out?
- Yeah!
Put it here.
What?
- He's here!
- He's here?
- The folder. Here.
- Folder.
- Good.
- Come.
Get the door.
It's locked!
It got stuck.
- Hello.
Welcome.
- Hello. Welcome.
I'll get the water.
- Renia.
- It's fresh. Straight from the tap. Here.
Here.
We've got it.
Well done!
Congratulations.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Thank you very much.
- Happy?
- Very happy.
Very.
- Your loss.
- Albert Gajda. Congratulations.
- We did it.
- Yes.
Will you stay with him?
One day I want
to chop him to pieces, the next…
Put it all back together?
I get that.
Got that.
Here.
- I'm getting a wedding planning business.
- Attagirl.
- Please.
- Well done.
Shall we?
Good luck.
Watch out for fires.
Will you lead us?
I'll try.
Hey.
- Take this.
- Who are they?
What's this? Got a problem?
You can't park here.
Tomuś. Come here.
We are looking for a brave woman
who posted video on Internet.
- What's he saying?
- They're looking for our women.
Okay, chill.
We're not giving them up without a fight.
We saw your women's race.
We own a chain of dairies and want to sign
an exclusive deal to sell your cheese.
Together, we'll conquer the world!
You struck gold.
I'm Rysiek.
Mirek.
- Rysiek.
- Hanka.
Gajda.
Albert Gajda.
- Well, baby girl.
- What, Dad?
- Albert Gajda.
- I didn't think we'd pull this off.
Miłosz. Hi.
Regina. Hello.
Gajda.
We did it! You were right.
She's just like you.
Subtitle translation by: Maja Konkolewska